but I've been talking to your manager
and we're interested in sponsoring
Real Titan FC, the Kings
League team sponsored by Billion Straight
Club, the final is coming up. That would be great,
eh, but in exchange for that we want a
daily video from you for Villes, every
day in full. How did we get to this point? We're
going to have to agree with
Dallas because of German. We're going to have to
agree with Dallas because of
German. For God's sake, but how are you going to
agree with him on something? [ __ ], I've
been looking for a way to
turn this around and it's just [ __ ]. I just can't, I just ca
n't because this
fits me. Surely in some way I can
criticize Delox, for example, I'm sure that
this new company that
Germani is promoting, with which he has
collaborated, I'm almost 100% sure that it
's a fraud and that this, given it
at least two years, is going to explode. It has
very, very
similar characteristics to other pyramid schemes
that have been done in the past, one of
them is the Nimbus scam
promoted by our friend and
neighbor, Delox